De-duplicate TemplateSync reference (#3397)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_enabling-the-templatesync-plugin.adoc

# {foreman-installer} --enable-foreman-plugin-templates
----

> . To verify that the plugin is installed correctly, ensure *Administer* > *Settings* includes the *TemplateSync* menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To verify that the plugin is installed correctly, ensure *Administer* > *Settings* includes the *Template Sync* menu.
```

out of scope, but please:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/389bd24a-64d1-4e14-bcf1-814923af1205)

tested on Foreman 3.11

Author: You're right but there are more occurrences of TemplateSync in the repo than just these. How about we file an issue to get them all fixed in a separate PR?

Author: https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/issues/3400

> . Optional: In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Administer* > *Settings* > *TemplateSync* to configure the plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Optional: In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Administer* > *Settings* > *Template Sync* to configure the plugin.
```

Author: Let's do this in a separate PR.

Author: https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/issues/3400

> See xref:template_sync_settings_{context}[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see xref:template_sync_settings_{context}[].
```
